String	Reverse a String
String	Check whether a String is Palindrome or not
String	Find Duplicate characters in a string
String	Why strings are immutable in Java?
String	Write a Code to check whether one string is a rotation of another
String	Write a Program to check whether a string is a valid shuffle of two strings or not
String	Count and Say problem
String	Write a program to find the longest Palindrome in a string.[ Longest palindromic Substring]
String	Find Longest Recurring Subsequence in String
String	Print all Subsequences of a string.
String	Print all the permutations of the given string
String	Split the Binary string into two substring with equal 0’s and 1’s
String	Word Wrap Problem [VERY IMP].
String	EDIT Distance [Very Imp]
String	Find next greater number with same set of digits. [Very Very IMP]
String	Balanced Parenthesis problem.[Imp]
String	Word break Problem[ Very Imp]
String	Rabin Karp Algo
String	KMP Algo
String	Convert a Sentence into its equivalent mobile numeric keypad sequence.
String	Minimum number of bracket reversals needed to make an expression balanced.
String	Count All Palindromic Subsequence in a given String.
String	Count of number of given string in 2D character array
String	Search a Word in a 2D Grid of characters.
String	Boyer Moore Algorithm for Pattern Searching.
String	Converting Roman Numerals to Decimal
String	Longest Common Prefix
String	Number of flips to make binary string alternate
String	Find the first repeated word in string.
String	Minimum number of swaps for bracket balancing.
String	Find the longest common subsequence between two strings.
String	Program to generate all possible valid IP addresses from given  string.
String	Write a program tofind the smallest window that contains all characters of string itself.
String	Rearrange characters in a string such that no two adjacent are same
String	Minimum characters to be added at front to make string palindrome
String	Given a sequence of words, print all anagrams together
String	Find the smallest window in a string containing all characters of another string
String	Recursively remove all adjacent duplicates
String	String matching where one string contains wildcard characters
String	Function to find Number of customers who could not get a computer
String	Transform One String to Another using Minimum Number of Given Operation
String	Check if two given strings are isomorphic to each other
String	Recursively print all sentences that can be formed from list of word lists
